# india-covid-19-app

A **React** single page application.
This is a client side rendered SPA.
This app shows the latest Covid-19 statistics of India.

Ths app uses data from the API hosted here [india-covid-19-data](https://github.com/arnabroy1907/india-covid-19-data)
The data is atually hosted by [Ministry of Health](https://www.mohfw.gov.in)

This app is currently hosted on Firebase and can be accessed at [India Covid-19](https://india-covid19-app.firebaseapp.com/)

## Installation

> Pre-requisites: Node V >= 14.x.x and yarn V >= 1.17.x

* clone this repo in your local using `git clone`
* go to local directory
* run `yarn` to install all packages
* run `yarn start` to start the app. This is will become available at <http://localhost:3000>

## Features

This app was created using **React** amd **Typescript** and the styling is done using **styled-components**
The map is implemented using **react-datamaps-india** library

* The app shows covid-19 statistical data
* Has functionalities like sorting data based on various fields
* Shows the data representation on a map
* This is a responsive app and works on desktop, tablet and m-web views

### Problems of the app

* Since the data comes from the **india-covid-19-data** app which is hosted on Heroku free-tier, there will be some latency on the first call.
* This is explained the services documentation.
* Subsequent calls will be quicker.
* The maps package has some issue with its hover funtionality making the hover tooltip data flicker

## Hosting at Firebase

Firebase is a simple hosting platform by google. Firebase provides various features like hosting, realtime DB, analytics, etc.
For this app, only static hosing is used to host this app an make it accessible publically.

## CI/CD

The CI/CD is handled by the Github worker files present in the `.github` folder.
These files are auto generated by the Firebase CLI tool during initialization and hosting setup.
This will make sure a new build is deployed to Firebase when code is pushed to the main branch.
